Introduce yourself:
Hello, My name is Abdelaziz Salah, I am 21 years old and I am turning 22 in march, I am a computer engineering student at Cairo university, and this is my 3rd year after the
preparatory one, actually I went there because I have a huge passion for computers and I like coding and after I studied hardware I liked the idea that I now have 
basic knowledge of how the computer works and how it has been implemented. 

I'm very excited to join your team of Instructors because one of my passions is to deliver knowledge to others and to share all what I learn with people.

I have some experience in teaching, as I was an instructor at IEEE in the IT section, I was teaching flutter to the participants, moreover, I have a channel on youtube,
I know that it is still a small channel, but I started it from few weeks 

where I explain some of my college courses, such as VLSI, Software engineering concepts, and marketing, so I will attach my youtube channel here so you can have a look

into it. also, I have a good way of delivering the information in a simple way with multiple examples to clarify it to the students and to make it easier for them.  

so I will help your students to understand their topics very well and enjoy them too. 

So this was a brief introduction about myself and I will be waiting for your call. thanks.


What are your strengths? 
* Actually, Analytical Thinking
* also, Presentation skills
* Moreover, Sociable
* Finally, good way in delivering information
Actually, I belive that I have a good analytical thinking, because I like to analyze things and try to find their best solutions, and not be in hurry whenever I face any problem, also I have a good presentation skills as I already have inducted a lot of presentations either alone or in a group, moreover I belive I am sociable and I like to deal with people and exposure new friends as I belive that I am an extrovert, and finally I think that I am good in delivering information in multiple ways, and I already have a channel on youtube explaining their some of my college courses, so you can check it, I sent its link with my application form. 

What are your weaknesses?
* Over ambitious
* Procastination
* MultiTasking

I have three main weaknesses that I am regularly trying hard to fix them actually.
first things first I suffer from over ambitions, some time I see it as a good treat and sometimes I treat it as a bad one, but most probably It is a weakness, because I sometimes be non-realistic about my dream and dream very big more than all the resources I have, which sometime make me feel very sad when I don't achieve what I was expecting, I believe it is very good to be ambition and to always try to seek better version of yourself, but Also you have to be realistic and accept that your skills are not perfect but with practicing one day they will be. 
Second things second, I also suffer from procastination problem, as If the deadline is far a way I usually procastinate my work and finish it before the deadline with one day or something like this, but I worked on this treat a lot and tried many techniques such as the pomodoro technique but with my own version instead of 25 min and 5 mins break I take 1.5 hours of focus mode and then about half an hour break. 
last things last I am not good at multitasking, I got distracted If I did a lot of things in the same time, I like to give all my focus on one task till it is done and then go for the next one.

Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
I see myself as a senior software engineer at google who has been working there for 2 years now, and working in the AI and machine learning field, and preparing for my own software company which should be a promissing start up and start to gather a good software team to can get this company up and start our own business.
Also I see that I have married and have 1 kid which I am trying to provide him with a welfare life and trying to secure his life early. 

What motivate me? 
What motivate me are my dreams, and the Idea that I want to write my name in the history and not to leave this life as I came to it, I want to make my name known and to achieve a lot of things maybe nobody else have done.
Also I want to be very rich and wealthy, and to have a nice life, and to gain as much knowleadge as I can.
moreover I want to work in a great companies such as gooogle and to build my own company so all of these things make me always work hard to be able to achieve them.
chasing my dream is the main thing that motivates me. 

What do you do outside of work?
I appreciate quality time very much, so I like to spend time with my family specially with my sister, also I like to hang out with my friend and to go to new places and to meet new people, and also I like doing my hobies either by playing chess either online or with one of my friends or by reading some books.